EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/rate_and_review/rate_and_review.md

## Description

> Rate and review is a component to assign a rate of stars (1 to 5) and a review or comment to eZ Commerce products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rate and review is a component that assigns a rate of stars (1 to 5), a review or a comment to eZ Commerce products.
```

### Backend

> In eZ Commerce backend there is a simple module to manage user rate and reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In eZ Commerce backend there is a simple module that manages user rates and reviews.
```
